feat: add known issue about v1.4.0 airgapped environment (#693)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.4/airgap.md

If the **Cloud Provider** option is configured to **Harvester** in a guest K8s cluster, it deploys the Harvester cloud provider and Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver.

![cluster-registry](/img/v1.2/cluster-registry.png)

As a result, we recommend monitoring each [RKE2 release](https://github.com/rancher/rke2/releases) in your air gapped environment and pulling the required images into your private registry. Please refer to the **Harvester CCM & CSI Driver** with RKE2 Releases section on the [Harvester support matrix page](https://www.suse.com/suse-harvester/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/harvester-v1-1-2/) for the best Harvester cloud provider and CSI driver capability support.

## Known issues

1. Missing rancher/rancher-agent:v2.9.2 image in the air-gapped environment.

> In harvester v1.4.0, the embedded rancher is v2.9.2. It introduced a new cronjob [rke2-machine-config-cleanup](https://github.com/rancher/rancher/commit/53ba791e11f98a5594c6fa8a30d321602483446c). It used rancher/rancher-agent:v2.9.2 as container image, but it's not included in the harvester v1.4.0 ISO. To avoid the issue, you can pull the image from the internet and load it into the air-gapped environment.

Author: Fixed.

If the **Cloud Provider** option is configured to **Harvester** in a guest K8s cluster, it deploys the Harvester cloud provider and Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver.

![cluster-registry](/img/v1.2/cluster-registry.png)

As a result, we recommend monitoring each [RKE2 release](https://github.com/rancher/rke2/releases) in your air gapped environment and pulling the required images into your private registry. Please refer to the **Harvester CCM & CSI Driver** with RKE2 Releases section on the [Harvester support matrix page](https://www.suse.com/suse-harvester/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/harvester-v1-1-2/) for the best Harvester cloud provider and CSI driver capability support.

## Known issues

---

> ### 1. Missing rancher/rancher-agent:v2.9.2 image in the air-gapped environment. (Issue [#7157](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7157))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Missing rancher/rancher-agent:v2.9.2 image affects deployment in air-gapped environments. (Issue [#7157](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7157))
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if deployment is blocked completely so I used "affects".

> In harvester v1.4.0, the embedded rancher is v2.9.2. It introduced a new cronjob [rke2-machine-config-cleanup](https://github.com/rancher/rancher/commit/53ba791e11f98a5594c6fa8a30d321602483446c). It used rancher/rancher-agent:v2.9.2 as container image, but it's not included in the harvester v1.4.0 ISO. To avoid the issue, you can pull the image from the internet and load it into the air-gapped environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher v2.9.2, which is embedded in Harvester v1.4.0, introduced a new cronjob ([`rke2-machine-config-cleanup`](https://github.com/rancher/rancher/commit/53ba791e11f98a5594c6fa8a30d321602483446c)). This cronjob uses a container image (`rancher/rancher-agent:v2.9.2`) that is not included in the Harvester v1.4.0 ISO. To mitigate the issue, you can pull the image from the internet and then load it in the air-gapped environment.
```
